5.7.3 "use strict"

"use strict" is a directive introduced in ECMAScript 5

directive 和 statement 很接近到可以把他列在這章裡面介紹。

There are two important differences between the "use strict" directive and regular statements:
  It does not include any language keywords：
    the directive is just an expression statement that consists of a special string literal (in single or double quotes).
    JavaScript interpreters that do not implement ECMAScript 5 will simply see an ex- pression statement with no side effects and will do nothing.

  Itcanappearonlyatthestartofascriptoratthestartofafunctionbody,before any real statements have appeared. It need not be the very first thing in the script or function, however:
    ... 

"use strict" 的目的是將接下來的 code 轉為 strict mode.

在 script 的最上方或是 function body 最上方使用 "use strict"，
那麼接下來就會變成 strict mode

strict 和 non-strict 最重要的三個差異：
  strict mode 中不能使用 with

  strict mode 中，所有變數都必須要宣告，如果在 non-strict mode 中這麼做，
  就像是宣告一個全域變數，也就是加入一個新的特性到全域物件中。

  在 strict mode 中，call function（不是物件的 method），this === undefined。
  若在 non-strict mode 中， this 往往是 global object.
  In strict mode, functions invoked as functions (rather than as methods) have a this value of undefined. (In non-strict mode, functions invoked as functions are always passed the global object as their this value.) This difference can be used to determine whether an implementation supports strict mode:
    var hasStrictMode = (function(){
      "use strict";
      return this === undefined;
    })();

  其他：
    不能在 strict mode 中，在 物件中不能重複宣告同樣名稱的變數。


  我認為很重要的一點：
    在 strict mode 中，傳入 function 得值會有一份靜態複件 (static copy)存於函式中
    的 argument。
    在 non-strict mode 中：
    elements of the array and named function parameters both refer to the same value.




Form MDN:
  1. strict mode eliminates some JavaScript silent errors by changing them to throw errors

  2. strict mode fixes mistakes that make it difficult for JavaScript engines to perform optimizations:
    strict mode code can sometimes be made to run faster than identical code that's not strict mode


  3. strict mode prohibits some syntax likely to be defined in future versions of ECMAScript